README.md, before:

# Kattis-Python3
Solutions for Kattis problems in Python 3 language.

## List of problems
### A
* **Aaah!** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/aaah) and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Aaah.py)
* **ACM Contest Scoring** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/acm)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/ACM_Contest_Scoring.py)
* **Add Two Numbers** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/addtwonumbers)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Add_Two_Numbers.py)
* **Alphabet Spam** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/alphabetspam)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Alphabet_Spam.py)
* **A New Alphabet** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/anewalphabet)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_New_Alphabet.py)
* **Apaxiaaaaaaaaaaaans!** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/apaxiaaans)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Apaxiaaaaaaaaaaaans.py)
* **A Rational Sequence 2** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/rationalsequence2)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_Rational_Sequence_2.py)
* **A Real Challenge** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/areal)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_Real_Challenge.py)
* **Arm Coordination** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/armcoordination)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Arm_Coordination.py)
* **Arrangement** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/upprodun)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Arrangement.py)
* **ASCII Addition** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/asciiaddition)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/ASCII_Addition.py)
### B
### C
### D
### E
### F
### G
### H
### I
### J
### K
### L
### M
### N
### O
### P
### Q
### R
### S
### T
### U
### V
### W
### X
### Y
### Z
* **Zoom** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/zoom)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Zoom.py)

Commit message:

feat: Closes Doc Astrological Sign #50

README.md, after:

# Kattis-Python3
Solutions for Kattis problems in Python 3 language.

## List of problems
### A
* **Aaah!** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/aaah) and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Aaah.py)
* **ACM Contest Scoring** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/acm)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/ACM_Contest_Scoring.py)
* **Add Two Numbers** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/addtwonumbers)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Add_Two_Numbers.py)
* **Alphabet Spam** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/alphabetspam)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Alphabet_Spam.py)
* **A New Alphabet** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/anewalphabet)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_New_Alphabet.py)
* **Apaxiaaaaaaaaaaaans!** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/apaxiaaans)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Apaxiaaaaaaaaaaaans.py)
* **A Rational Sequence 2** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/rationalsequence2)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_Rational_Sequence_2.py)
* **A Real Challenge** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/areal)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/A_Real_Challenge.py)
* **Arm Coordination** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/armcoordination)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Arm_Coordination.py)
* **Arrangement** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/upprodun)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Arrangement.py)
* **ASCII Addition** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/asciiaddition)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/ASCII_Addition.py)
* **Astrological Sign** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/astrologicalsign)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Astrological_Sign.py)
### B
### C
### D
### E
### F
### G
### H
### I
### J
### K
### L
### M
### N
### O
### P
### Q
### R
### S
### T
### U
### V
### W
### X
### Y
### Z
* **Zoom** the link to the [Problem](https://open.kattis.com/problems/zoom)  and here the
[Solution](https://github.com/Hasan-Kalzi/Kattis-Python3/blob/main/src/Zoom.py)
